hello welcome to marine connection my
name is Damien as you can see we're at
the water today showing you our featured
boat
it is a 2004 well craft 232 fisherman
and it's powered by a 200-yard I'm odor
now the motor has a total of 162 hours
on it we've done a compression check on
it that's checked out lower unit
everything on the motor is good we're
going to start on the back of the boat
work our way forward we're going to take
it out for a quick spin and show you how
the boat performs before we proceed I've
done us a 12-volt systems check since
I'm the live load bumps courtesy light
spreader lights fresh water rush rot
water wash down everything is in good
working order on the boat so with that
said starting at the back we have a nice
large swim platform okay as you can see
we have a heavy-duty recess boarding or
ladder not recess but heavy duty
boarding ladder to get on and off the
boat on the starboard side nice access
door coming on with some dive gear and
whatnot easy access on and off fresh
water wash down located on the starboard
side your raw water wash down is up
underneath the port gunnel side here at
the app nice large live well okay
cutting board and then nice about 35 40
gallon recirculating level to stern
cleats to midship pleats and then we
have our two ball cleats all the way
forward nice high gunnel sides with
combing bolsters the Coleman bolsters on
the boat are in good condition with
exception to the accidents that looks
like the Sun has taken a little toll on
them but other than that they don't have
to be replaced or anything like that
they're ready to go
rear bench seat which is a fold down
rear bench seat okay and then like I
said nice high gunnel hides with some
low profile recess grab handles and then
you also have some under gunnel rod
storage plenty of room back here to do
some fishing we have a nice leaning post
at the center with a couple cup holders
a couple of rod holders you also have
two gunnel mounted rod holders on the
stern nicety top with spreader light for
rod rocket-launcher notice that's a
double bow top you have your grab
handles and then underneath here you
could put either a PFD storage device
for your life jackets and whatnot if you
wanted to save some storage on the other
compartments at the - we have a lorentz
LMS 335 GPS step sounder good condition
it's working color screen compass at the
center of the console nice little Sony
stereo okay nice tunes for the boat icon
VHF radio and then we have a rocker
switches for our 12-volt system like I
mentioned before horn nav like bilge
pumps raw water fresh water level etc
Bennett trim tabs and then the this but
in particular does have the digital
gauges Yamaha digital gauges tilt tell
is also included on the leaning post if
you're just us cruising along up and
down intercourse or just taking it easy
whatever you might be doing ok you have
a nice footrest down below alright
and then coming up towards the porch
side of the console we do have an
enclosed head alright and the book does
have the enclosure isinglass enclosure
as well for the t-top
let's take you up to the bath coming up
all the way forward in front of the
console nice backrest cooler with a seat
cushion and then we have casting deck
which also serves as a seat we do not
have the mountains for the boat even
though the snaps are in place and if I
just go ahead and open this up you see
that we did have the gas shop - nice
boxes up here you use them as fish boxes
or storage boxes all the way forward we
have a valve pulpit anchor compartment
like I mentioned before we also have our
forward weight low profile grab rail
okay and then you have Coleman bolsters
all the way up front so overall I tended
the boats in very good condition there's
a little bit of scuff marks down on the
keel a little bit of wear down there
like I mentioned the coaming bolster
song on the accents on the gold accents
is a little fading and a little
splitting in some areas doesn't have to
be replaced
other than that boats in great condition
t-top aluminum very good condition motor
runs great
and definitely I mean as far as the boat
goes a good rough riding boat as far as
rough seas and whatnot I shouldn't say
rough riding but it'll handle some rough
seas so let's take it out for a quick
spin show you how the boat performs and
we'll take you from there
then you go
you do
you
that concludes the video presentation on
the 2004 Wellcraft 232 hope you enjoyed
it as you can see the boat runs great
nice power package on the back and
definitely equipped for fishing and if
you want to do a little family cruising
you can do that as well so from West
Palm Beach Florida my name is Damian
call me or write me if you have any
questions god bless and have a wonderful
day